---
layout: post
title: Week 12
---

## Industry & Open Source

Before this class, I did not know much about Open Source projects. I certainly never considered how these projects operate in the business/industrial world. Up to this point, open source felt solely like a community driven concept: engineers who believe in accessibility and communication creating open source projects. This, of course, is a very limited perspective that does not accurately reflect what Open Source is. As we talked about in class, there are many ways for people or developers to profit from "free" software. These are the business models that open source software can benefit from. Things like donations or sponsors feel very straightforward to me, the model that we went over in class that surprised me more was Open Core. 

Of course I am familiar with this conceptually, subscription services for TV streaming, video game add ons, and even youtube premium to avoid ads are all examples of this. I feel conflicted about this. One example that comes to mind is peacock. When the streaming service launched, it was free to make an account and browse certain shows/movies. There were ads, and not everything was available, but there still was a core catalog that was free. However, now, this free tier doesn't exist and any preexisitng accounts on this free tier will need to upgrade to a paid account to use the app. Of course, private streaming services are different than open source software. If an open source project were to do something like this, where the original core goes behind a paywall, would it simply not be open source anymore? I suppose if open source projects remain focused on accessible, licsenced, software, then this won't be a relevant concern. 