---
layout: post
title: Week 15
---

## Starting Presentations

This week we presented our project! I think it went well, I feel as if my presentation nerves have calmed down a bit since the beginning of the semester.  Daily standups really made me feel more comfortable talking about p5 in front of my classmates. I unfortunately am still in this medical situation, but should be fine by the end of this week. I feel a bit dissapointed that I wasn't able to make much progress on my PR, but health is also very important. I also am glad to know that, since p5 is an open source project, I can continue to work on it once the semester ends! I am not entirely sure I will stick with this project post-grad, but I definitely want to wrap up this issue. 

My groupmates have done such a great job contributing to p5 and working on this presentation! We met up twice in person to practice and I think it was time well spent. Honestly, I'm getting a bit sentimental already. I really enjoyed working with Susan, Mikhail, and Grace, and I'm so excited to see what they do next!

## Other Presentations

I LOVE seeing student presentations. This week we heard from Keycloak, Affine, Nanobot, Frosty, and Actual Budget. The types of projects were so varied so it never got redundant. I appreciate how varied the contributions were across groups and across individuals. It was a great reminder that not every contribution needs to be massively technical to be impactful. I don't remember who it was, but someone in the Affine group mentioned that oftentimes, it would be small issues that would have a large impact. I thought that this was very well put and it definitely resonated with me. Keycloaks contributions were definitely impressive, and I loved their hats. It was also great to see how these micro-communities formed in the classroom. Everyone seemed to genuinely enjoy working with their peers. 

I'm excited for Pandas and Oppia next week. Pandas is a project I am familiar with and have used, Oppia I am completely unfamiliar with! I can't believe we only have one more class... as a graduating senior it really freaks me out. 