---
layout: post
title: Week 1
---

## Open Source Programming

When I think about open souce programming, I think about about projects that are collaborative, fast growing, and accessible. I know this isn't the case for every open source project though. As we talked about in class, if there is a project with one active contributor you might not get the quickest response to PRs. Another thing I think about when I hear the term open source is community. Many open source projects have active communities and I am looking forward to joining some this semester and beyond. 

That is part of why I decided to register for a course on Open Source Programming.  It is easy in such a digital major to not find community. The collaborative nature of this course, and of many open source projects, is a large reason for why I registered.

While open source programming has many advantages such as collaboration, there are still disadvantages. One of these is that documentation can be out of date or unreliable. One advantage of closed source software might be that this documentation is more professionally updated and monitored. 

Some open source projects I use regularly are VS Code ( where I am typing right now ), React, and Git. All of these are for school or internship related work but it is exciting to know that tools I utilize frequently are open source projects. When I was looking into some examples of open source projects, I found one that surprised me which was Blender. I can't include it in my list since I dont personally use it, but I have some close friends studying Architecture who utilize it. It is interesting to see projects that are open source that are frequently used in other professions.

