---
layout: post
title: Week 7
---

## Team p5 !! Yay!

Group work can be a stressful experience, but I am super excited about my group for this class! It's only been one week, but so far we have had productive conversations about meeting times, expectations for the semester, and what we want to work on. Last week we made the decision to work on p5.js since it aligns with all of our interests! We all came to class prepared with some ideas, but p5 made the most sense for us. Our meetings are going to be in person on Monday's at 4pm, and I'm excited to get started.

We haven't had any conflict yet, or any issues coming to a decision, but I think that if we stay aligned with the working agreements we wrote then we can navigate any situations well. Communication is so important when it comes to group work, and I believe that we will do a good job at maintaining open and healthy communication throughout the semester. Aside from academically, it's also been great getting to know my group socially. I find that when I feel personally comfortable around my peers, I am more secure in asking questions. If we were to encounter an obstacle, we would have an open conversation where everyone is free to express their opinion and we'd come to diplomatic conclusions. We think that if we can avoid letting frustration or resentment build, we can maintain a healthy working environment

## p5 so far ... ?

So far, we have all set up our development environment for p5.js. The documentation for this project is very thorough and it only took around 5 minutes! This week will be exciting as we progress further into contributing! I am particularly excited for this project since my roommate ( who studies Media Culture and Communication ) is using/learning p5 right now in a class. In my taking stock exercise, I expressed interest in creative projects and projects that improve accessibility in tech. I think that p5 fits this perfectly! It is a creative tool, and is often used for educational purposes. Contributing will be very rewarding.
