---
layout: post
title: Week 2
---

## Code of Conduct Activity

There are many benefits for having a code of conduct document like Go. For starters, it creates consistency in how potential issues are treated and clearly communicates the expectations of the platform. It also fosters a supportive community by showing people ways they can support their peers who might be facing harrasment. Similarly, it provides resources such as email addresses or other forms of contact that people can reach out to if they are facing harassment. Overall, having a code of conduct minimizes grey area in behavior and is an important step to creating a safe space for developers and users. 

I think that any project would benefit from having a code of conduct document for all of the same reasons that Go benefits. Ensuring that anyone who acceses the project is on the same page regarding behavior as well as protecting these users and developers is very important.

Looking at the contributor covenant, there are some differences I can notice. The Go code of conduct has a section title "conflict resolution" whereas in the contributor covenant, there is a section called "enforcement". These sections essentially contain the same information about what to do if you or a peer have experienced harrassment, but I think Go's phrasing suggests a less authoritarian stance. It suggests that having a supportive environment is a community effort and is resolution focused rather than enforcement. Another difference is that Go has "Gopher Values" at the beginning of the document and it highlights qualities that people in the Go community should aspire to have. This once again reinforces the sense of community.

[Elclipse's code of conduct](https://www.eclipse.org/org/documents/Community_Code_of_Conduct.php )

After reading through Eclipse's code of conduct I can see that they include many sections that Go does not, such as investigations, actions, and no retaliation. The more information provided in a code of conduct, the smoother issues can be handled.

Part 2

The sugar labs code of conduct is based on the Ubuntu code of conduct. One difference between the sugar labs code of conduct and Go's is in the section titles. Sugar Labs' uses action statement such as "be respectful" or "be collaborative" rather than sections like "scope" or "our responsibilities". I think that both templates are effective and do share much of the same information, it is the structure/format that differs. 

Part 3 - React

The code of conduct we evaluated was React. [React's Code of Conduct](https://github.com/facebook/react/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) is based off of the contributor covenant template. It doesn't take much creative liberty like Go did and adheres very close to the original template. It is very important for a project as large as React to have a well structured code of conduct, and using a well trusted template is a good way to do that.

