---
layout: post
title: Week 4
---

## Git Exercises

As a computer science major, Git is something that I am familiar with but not fluent with. Working through git commands in class is a great refresher on the concepts and on use of the tool. One thing I was thinking a lot about after class was using version control in my own life! I have always struggled with handling merge conflicts and rebasing properly and I know that practicing these skills on my own would be a great way to improve.

## Project Evaluations

Looking through some open source projects has been really interesting so far. Looking through the contributors and pull requests especially has been helpful since it gives some perspective on what goes into submitting a PR to some of these projects. We talked a bit in class about the speed in which a project moves, something that takes months to respont to PRs would be too slow for the purpose of contributing this semester, but something where issues are resolved in hours might be too fast for beginner developers. 

I'm really excited to interact with people who work on these open source projects as we contribute. I think at the same time though, communication might be a challenge. I hope that we can all find projects that are open to beginner contributors, but it's hard to ensure that everyone you interact with will be as welcoming. Either way, these are learning experiences and are part of contributing to open source! Godot Engine was very beginner friendly and had whole channels of communication dedicated to new contributors and their questions. 

Looking through other projects, its really exciting to see how many open source projects are so open and accomadating to new developers and I'm looking forward to getting started!