---
layout: post
title: Week 6
---

## Project Evaluations / Contributions

After completing the taking stock exercise, I know I want to work on a project that is either creative or improves accessibility in tech. It's exciting that I can work on a project that is directly related to my personal interests! I have been having trouble with the small scale contributions. I've done Wikipedia edits and Open Street Map, but I am trying to find other projects that I could contribute to. I found a very cute open source project where developers add onto a large file where they simply put their aspirations in life. And another where people write haikus. In both cases though, PRs hadn't been approved in a long long time. I feel like that's where it gets difficult, small projects that might accept my contributions oftentimes aren't very active and large projects with active teams, have more complex requirements. This was the case when I was trying to find a project to do my Project Evaluation assignment on, I wanted to choose one that would be realistic to contribute to while also being something I find interesting. I also tried to go through the course site and find any issues to report, but I wasn't able to find anything that hadn't already been reported.

I ended up picking pixelfed, which is an open source & ad-free social media platform. This veryyy loosely relates to my interests, since I suppose one could post photogrpahy on the site? I'm not as passionate about the social media aspect, I'm trying very hard to lower my screen time and adding another platform into the mix would only make it worse haha. The project seemed cool though, and I enjoyed the practice at finding information such as top contributors and reported issues.

We got our large project groups today, and I'm excited to get started! 
