---
layout: post
title: Week 11
---


## Cathedral vs Bazaar Reflection

I thought that the essay was very compelling! What stood out to me most is how quickly people’s ideas about “the right way” to build things can change over time. The author had a clear belief in a structured approach which was redefined by the release of Linux and Linus Torvalds style of development. It reminded me how important it is to stay up to date with new technologies and methodologies as I enter my career. As a developer, if you refuse to adapt to a new way of thinking, you quickly will be unable to keep up with the workforce and the people around you. The exciting thing about technology is how it develops and changes, its important to keep learning with it! If Eric Raymond had not committed to adapting by using this Bazaar style of development, then he would have fallen behind since the Cathedral tactic is much slower.

One of the most interesting/compelling lines in the essay to me was the very first one: "Who would have thought even five years ago (1991)...". It is so exciting to see how common practices can change so quickly. I think this refelcts how current methods of development are shifting due to AI. So much of what is normalized today in software development ( AI written unit tests/code, IDEs like Cursor, AI in CS curriculum ) were not common practice 5-10 years ago. In my internship over the summer, I spoke with my mentor a lot about how code reviews are becoming increasingly important with the rise of AI generated code. This is especially relevant with writing unit and E2E tests. Sometimes, AI tools like cursor will write unit tests that are really not testing anything ( and thus will always pass ). These sorts of things are important to catch ( the job of human developers ) before any code gets pushed to production.

## Group Reflections

I am super happy with my group and our work so far! We already have a PR merged and some more on the way. So far, they have all been broken link related, which seems to have been a great way to ease into contributions. The p5.js community has also been so so welcoming and offer a lot of support to new contributors. We are having some trouble identifying issues we could tackle that are not documentation related, but I think we will find some soon. Our meetings are communicative, and everyone is so collaborative and helpful. Overall, I think we are getting into a solid groove, and I'm exciting to see what we can accomplish!