---
layout: post
title: Week 5
---

## Peer and Conference Presentations

I really enjoyed seieng what the other groups created for this project! Computer Science is be such a creative major and it's great to see the wide variety of projects that can be developed when students work together. One project I especially appreciated was the youtube lobotomy extension. The reason I chose to study Computer Science was because of how creative you can get using code. I'm not a great artist, so a medium that doesn't require artistic skill but still allows for creating felt right to me. I really appreciated that this project was so creative and unique and It left me feeling inspired by what I can create. I also appreciate things that aren't necessarily for productivity or academics, but rather just for fun. 

I enjoyed the variation of student presentations. They were definitely much more relaxed than the OSS conference presentations, but I think that suits the environment. I definitely admire any peers who enjoy public speaking and it's great to see how relaxed some people felt. I often find presentations without slides to be more engaging since I spend less time reading slides and more time exclusively listening to the speakers. However, I do think that some sort of visual reflection of what is being spoken about is helpful.

I appreciated the variation of the conference speeches too, it was reassuring that Linus Torvald admitted to not enjoying public speaking and opted for a Q/A style. I found myself getting lost during Craig McLuckie's speech, but this could be due to the concepts being more technical than I knew. I really liked how Kelsey Hightower kept his presentation conversational and started with an anecdote that was relatable for people not involved in tech. I was very engaged and appreciated his message that Open Source is founded on community and growth. 

Similar to my opinion of student presentations, I appreciated when there was a visual aspect to what was being spoken about, as oftentimes the concepts are ones I'm unfamilar with. 

## My Presentation Skills

I tend to get very nervous during presentations and ramble. For a while I tried to create a guideline of a script and stick to it for structure, but when I go off script I'm back to rambling and trying to get on track (which leaves room for lots of ums). I think I need to work on keeping presentations professional and concise which comes with confidence and practice. I'm not necessarily scared of standing in front of a crowd, I just overthink the crowd's perception of me and try to connect personally with them in form of jokes or casual style. While I don't think this is 100% a negative thing, I do think finding the right balance for me is important. In the future in this class and outside, I am going to practice much more before presentations and work on this skill. Maybe my roommates will want to listen to me talk about various open source projects!
